Oh y'all gonna have to answer to the
good Lord there's a bounty on his
boys saddle up we ain't but a half day
behind them I think you ought to get on
your horse go get some heads
will you go to your daddy now I'll go on
hush now Charlotte it's blown turn come
beer Jesus be our guest
praise Jesus train bridge East you
unhurt now it's you as long as you go
huh what y'all do to get yourselves and
it fix like this
not your name little boy I never met a
man like you can you ain't met my man he
said to me what's gotten into you
Sam's me lucky done bamboozled no excuse
for what he done
you just tell this man we need you you
tell him you can't go
my mom will less you want to get sprayed
what happened down here
lots of changes